You spend my money to take care of the little white face
Ask someone to hit me
I heard you, keep your mouth clean
Otherwise you can't afford the consequences
What's the consequence of that?
Aren't they just two trash?
Does any of you know who this is?
He is
Let them continue
Let's see how crazy these two are
Maybe Third Master Shen is really angry
Third Master Shen is going to bloodbath the banquet hall?
Let's step back
Lest you see blood
Assistant Zhang, even if you are Third Master Shen's assistant
You can't hit people, can you?
When the assistant JD.com, don't you hurry up and apologize?
Why should I apologize to someone who eats soft rice?
That's impossible. Do you know who I am?
You shut up
Be careful, okay?
Don't make trouble Assistant Zhang
Sister Tian is Third Master Shen's distinguished guest
He is the odd number one gold medal producer Chenxi
He is the dawn
Yes, I am Dawn
My God, the legendary gold medal producer Chenxi
It really came
It is said that Ye Haochen became popular because of the dawn
So it's true.
I heard that the Shen family has always wanted to be with them
The first gold producer cooperation
If he were the dawn
Then Third Master Shen will also get 3 points for him.
Are you afraid?
Gu Jingxi quickly knelt down and apologized to Tiantian
We can consider letting you go
I, Mrs. Shen Yanzhen, don't have to apologize to anyone